<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core" 
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
    xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<body>
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/main_template.xhtml">
  <ui:define name="title">
        #{res.title} - #{res['tandc.pageTitle']}
  </ui:define>

	<ui:define name="header">
		<ui:include src="/WEB-INF/templates/header.xhtml">
		</ui:include>
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">

		<div id="mainwrapper">
		<div id="maincol">
		<div class="innertubemain">
<p>The Planets Testbed is a web-based software application developed within the EU-funded Integrated Project PLANETS (Preservation and Long term Access through Networked Services, IST-5-033789). Its aim is to provide a controlled environment for the experimentation and evaluation of preservation tools and strategies.</p>

<p>The Planets Testbed is accessible to any person interested in executing experiments on digital long term preservation.  To conduct experiments a user must register with the Planets Testbed. A user has to indicate name, institution, valid e-mail address.  It is our policy that this information is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide to us is stored in a secure location, and is accessible only by designated staff. It will be used only for the purposes for which you provide the information. We will not sell, rent or trade any personal information you provide to us.</p>

<h4>The Planets Testbed contains:</h4>
<ul>
<li>a software suite developed within the Planets project</li>
<li>first-party and third-party web based services, wrapped by the Planets project for the purpose of using them within the Testbed</li>
<li>a collection of test files (Corpora) gathered for the special purpose of experimentation within the Planets Testbed</li>
</ul>

<h4>A registered Testbed user can:</h4>
<ul>
<li>use the existing workflows created by the Testbed team</li>
<li>execute experiments with the tools and services integrated in the test suite</li>
<li>use the Corpus and execute experiments on the performance of integrated tools and services on those files<br />
<i>Note: The provided data is carefully checked on IPR. All material used may be used for assessing services within the Testbed. The Planets Testbed does not assume responsibility for any other use.</i></li>
<li>upload own data to test within Testbed.<br />
<i>Note: All data uploaded to Testbed is visible to all other Testbed users. The Planets Testbed does not assume responsibility on IPR attached to uploaded data by any user</i></li>
<li>look at and examine all other experiments executed within the Testbed</li>
<li>assess as many experiments as wished</li>
<li>use the test results for further planning of his/her tasks </li>
<li>contact the Testbed Helpdesk to ask for technical and other support</li>
<li>access the source code and use it for own developments. </li>
</ul>

<h4>A Testbed user may not</h4>
<ul>
<li>download data from the Corpus (see IPR-notes within the Corpus) or other parts of the data registry for use outwith the Planets Testbed.</li>
</ul>

<h4>Testbed users are required to agree to the following terms:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Provided data may only be used for internal testing purposes. Any other, especially public or commercial use, has to be agreed on beforehand with the individual data provider.</li>
<li>Uploading data to the Planets Testbed is undertaken at the user's own risk. </li>
<li>The Planets Testbed does not take responsibility for any digital object uploaded by a user</li>
<li>When integrating the Planets Testbed or parts of the Planets Testbed with a new or existing third party application or system Planets shall be informed via the Testbed Helpdesk (helpdesktb@planets-project.eu)</li>
</ul>

<h4>Limitation of Liability/Disclaimer</h4>

<p>Your use and browsing of the Planets Testbed is undertaken at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials contained in the Site, or with any of these Terms and Conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the Planets Testbed.</p>

<p>To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, neither Planets nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Planets Testbed is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Planets Testbed or the first-party and third-party services that are accessible through the Planets Testbed. Without limiting the foregoing, everything within the Planets Testbed is provided to you "as is," without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement.</p>

<p>Planets does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information provided within the Planets Testbed. Planets is not responsible for the consequences resulting from the use of such information.</p>





		
		
		</div>
		</div>
		</div>
		
		
		<div id="leftcol">
	
		<h3 class="leftcol">&nbsp;</h3>
		<div class="innertube">
		<p class="leftcol">
		</p>
		</div>		
	</div>

	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="footer">
		<ui:include src="/WEB-INF/templates/footer.xhtml"/>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>